[Freshness] US-1953530: Refresh top articles by PV - .NET and Languages Content (3) (#30093)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/design-guidelines/naming-guidelines.md

  - "format naming guidelines [.NET Framework]"
ms.assetid: fc076d66-9b5f-42d3-aa65-61d970c794a3
---
# Naming guidelines

Following a consistent set of naming conventions in developing a framework can be a major contribution to the framework’s usability. It allows the framework to be used by many developers on widely separated projects. Beyond consistency of form, the names of framework elements must be easily understood and convey each element's function.  
  
 The goal of this chapter is to provide a consistent set of naming conventions that results in names that make immediate sense to developers.  
  

>  Adopting these naming conventions as general code development guidelines would result in more consistent naming throughout your code. You're required only to apply them to APIs that are publicly exposed (public or protected types, members, and explicitly implemented interfaces).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adopting these naming conventions as general code development guidelines results in more consistent naming throughout your code. However, you're only required to apply them to APIs that are publicly exposed (public or protected types and members, and explicitly implemented interfaces).  
```

Author: Ok, updated the content.

  
 The goal of this chapter is to provide a consistent set of naming conventions that results in names that make immediate sense to developers.  
  

>  Adopting to these naming conventions as general code development guidelines would result in more consistent naming throughout your code. You're required only to apply them to APIs that are publicly exposed (public or protected types, members, and explicitly implemented interfaces).  

Author: Ok, updated it.
